Chairperson Chairperson
It's a big deal this time
What's wrong?
Group over there
All our partners have terminated their cooperation with us.
Or say
I will never cooperate with the accident group again
What did you say, Du Shao?
I don't know either.
I heard it was a big shot
Let the various families
They are no longer allowed to cooperate with Zhao's
What the hell is going on?
How could this be?
What's wrong with you?
Don't scare my sister
So what's going on?
The company just called to say
All companies in Jiangcheng
Have terminated their cooperation with the Zhao family
Say how is it possible
Is this person
It's true.
The Zhao family is really going to be destroyed
That's not possible.
How could this woman possibly have so much energy?
Something must be wrong.
will
The Zhao family went bankrupt
This kind of person who goes from the top of the mountain to the meridian of hell
Not feeling good.
You bitch
Who the hell are you?
Where did my Zhao family offend you?
You have to be so vicious
Your Zhao family did not offend
But you offended Chu Yang
That's it.
Your Zhao family should pay the price
Who the hell are you?
I said that I am the sky of this river city